Docker image workflow (publish on `ghcr.io`) (#14230)
minetest/minetest: README.md

- [Developing minetestserver with Docker](doc/developing/docker.md)

> We provide Minetest server Docker images using the GitHub container registry.

Reviewer: This should probably be moved to docs/docker_server.md or something, with a link here

- [Developing minetestserver with Docker](doc/developing/docker.md)

We provide Minetest server Docker images using the GitHub container registry.

Images are built on each commit and available using the following tag scheme:

* `ghcr.io/minetest/minetest:master` (latest build)
* `ghcr.io/minetest/minetest:<tag>` (specific tag)

> * `ghcr.io/minetest/minetest:latest` (latest tag)

Reviewer 2: i dont see any way how "latest" isn't equivalent to "master" except maybe for a short time after a release
so is this worth documenting?

Author: `latest` is the latest git tag, `master` is the latest build from the master branch

https://github.com/docker/metadata-action?tab=readme-ov-file#basic

Reviewer 2: it's not clear at all that "latest" is that latest stable version

Author: Better now?

> * `ghcr.io/minetest/minetest:latest` (latest Git tag)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `ghcr.io/minetest/minetest:latest` (latest Git tag, which is the stable release)
```

> See [here](https://github.com/minetest/minetest/pkgs/container/minetest) for the available tags.
> 
> If you want to test it on a Docker server you can easily run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [here](https://github.com/minetest/minetest/pkgs/container/minetest) for all available tags.

For a quick test you can easily run:
```

```shell

> sudo docker run ghcr.io/minetest/minetest:master

Reviewer 2: root is not generally needed for docker, depends on setup. so we shouldn't reproduce it in our instructions

```

> If you want to use it in a production environment you should use volumes bound to the Docker host
> to persist data and modify the configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use it in a production environment, you should use volumes bound to the Docker host to persist data and modify the configuration:
```

```shell
docker create -v /home/minetest/data/:/var/lib/minetest/ -v /home/minetest/conf/:/etc/minetest/ ghcr.io/minetest/minetest:master
```

You may also want to use [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose):

```yaml
---
version: "2"
services:
  minetest_server:
    image: ghcr.io/minetest/minetest:master
    restart: always
    networks:
      - default
    volumes:
      - /home/minetest/data/:/var/lib/minetest/
      - /home/minetest/conf/:/etc/minetest/
    ports:

>       - "127.0.0.1:30000:30000/udp"

Reviewer 2: now nobody will be able to join the server
(30000/tcp = prometheus -> only for monitoring, internal; 30000/udp = Minetest server -> public)

Author: But isn't TCP used also for doing HTTP requests in mods/engine?

>       - "30000:30000/tcp"

Reviewer 2: not sure about the syntax but this should be bound to localhost so people don't accidentally expose their prometheus

Reviewer 2: yes
